doc:Update how to generate token for GHA. (#34)
django-commons/controls: terraform/README.md

6. To apply the changes,
   run: `terraform apply -var-file=production/org.tfvars -var-file=production/repositories.tfvars -var github_token=...`

# Integration with GitHub Actions

The repository is configured to run `terraform plan` on every new pull-request as well as an update to a pull-request
and list the expected changes as a comment on the pull-request.

> Once the pull-request is merged to the `main` branch, `terraform apply` is run to apply the changes to the GitHub, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the pull-request is merged to the `main` branch, `terraform apply` applies the changes to the GitHub organization, and
```

the updated current state is committed to the `main` branch.
To achieve this, the workflows use `TERRAFORM_MANAGEMENT_GITHUB_TOKEN` secret to plan/apply terraform changes.

`TERRAFORM_MANAGEMENT_GITHUB_TOKEN` is a fine-grained personal access token with permissions the following permissions
required (see documentation [here][2]):

> - The `repo` permisison for full control of private repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `repo` permission for full control of private repositories
```
